### Hi there ðŸ‘‹


[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rasimaghayev&layout=compact)](https://github.com/rasimaghayev)

# Certifications
Tutor Name | Tutor Author | Certificat
--- | --- | ---
[Docker & Kubernetes: The Complete Practical Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/docker-kubernetes-the-practical-guide/) | [Bogdan Stashchuk](https://www.udemy.com/user/bogdanstashchuk/) | [Nov. 26, 2022](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-41c831b2-3211-47bc-86d6-4a51cecbc191/)
[Docker & Kubernetes: The Practical Guide [2022 Edition]](https://www.udemy.com/course/docker-kubernetes-the-practical-guide/) | [Maximilian SchwarzmÃ¼ller](https://www.udemy.com/user/maximilian-schwarzmuller/) | [Sep. 8, 2022](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-18689b01-2be8-46cf-bced-3164a368035a/)

# Video List of Tasks to Learn

Learning list My Task 

Docker from A to Zâ„¢: Swarm + Jenkins
https://www.udemy.com/course/a-practical-guide-to-docker-swarm-and-jenkins/

Learn DevOps: Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform and Azure DevOps
https://www.udemy.com/course/devops-with-docker-kubernetes-and-azure-devops/

SÄ±fÄ±rdan Ä°leri Seviye Modern Javascript Dersleri ES7+
https://www.udemy.com/course/modern-javascript-kursu/

JavaScript - The Complete Guide 2022 (Beginner + Advanced)
https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-the-complete-guide-2020-beginner-advanced/

The Complete JavaScript Course 2022: From Zero to Expert!
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-javascript-course/

JavaScript Developer Bootcamp in 2022 - Beginner to Expert
https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-zero-to-expert-the-complete-modern-guide-build-real-apps/

The JavaScript Bible - JavaScript Bootcamp
https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-bible/

JavaScript and ES6 Challenges - Do you know JavaScript?
https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-and-es6-challenges/

JavaScript Object Oriented Programming
https://www.udemy.com/course/object-oriented-programming-javascript/

JavaScript Variables Lifecycles
https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-variables-lifecycles/

Understanding TypeScript - 2022 Edition
https://www.udemy.com/course/understanding-typescript/

Understanding NPM - Node.js Package Manager
https://www.udemy.com/course/understanding-npm/

NodeJS - The Complete Guide (MVC, REST APIs, GraphQL, Deno)
https://www.udemy.com/course/nodejs-the-complete-guide/

Microservices with Node JS and React
https://www.udemy.com/course/microservices-with-node-js-and-react/

React - The Complete Guide (incl Hooks, React Router, Redux)
https://www.udemy.com/course/react-the-complete-guide-incl-redux/

Vue - The Complete Guide (incl. Router & Composition API)
https://www.udemy.com/course/vuejs-2-the-complete-guide/


KAPSAMLI Ä°NGÄ°LÄ°ZCE EÄžÄ°TÄ°M SETÄ° - TÃ¼m Seviyeler (A1-C2)
https://www.udemy.com/course/kapsamli-ingilizce-egitim-seti-tum-seviyeler-a1-c2/

PHP: The Complete PHP MVC Course
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-php-mvc-course-build-a-modern-php-ecommerce-store/

The Complete SSL and TLS Guide 2022: HTTP to HTTPS
https://www.udemy.com/course/ssl-complete-guide/

The Complete Git Guide: Understand and master Git and GitHub
https://www.udemy.com/course/git-and-github-complete-guide/

The Complete Apache Kafka Practical Guide
https://www.udemy.com/course/apache_kafka/


The Practical Linux Guide for Beginners
https://www.udemy.com/course/linux-complete/

Introduction to the MongoDB
https://www.udemy.com/course/introduction-to-the-mongodb/
